girl
Why don't you keep barking?
If these 200 million, although you can't make money
But it's not too expensive to lose money.
300 million words
Then don't talk about money
Only fools keep screaming
300 million.
Congratulations to the Zhang Group for taking the land in the west of the city
Dialect
Part of Zhang Sen's working capital has been withdrawn
It's up to you
That one billion dollars.
I have reached the accountant of your company.
Don't worry, Young Master Lu
Everything's ready!
All our partners have signed contracts now.
Follow passers-by
How could this be?
Sure enough, what does it have to do with Wu Hongge?
Wu Hong uses his own connections
Let everyone stop drinking soup
If I hadn't told you why it was Auntie
We can't come up with a name yet.
Look at my ninja dragon going to beg Sun Shao
Only Sun Shao made a move
Long Peng is not an opponent either
And now you're breaking up?
As long as Sun is less silent
All our problems can be solved easily